High-quality early intervention for autism can do more than improve behaviors, it can improve brain function ...

Being nonverbal at age 4 does NOT mean children with autism will never speak. Research shows that most will, in fact, learn to use words, and nearly half will learn to speak fluently...  

Though autism tends to be life long, some children with ASD make so much progress that they no longer meet the diagnostic criteria for autism. High quality early-intervention may be key... 

Many younger siblings of children with ASD have developmental delays and symptoms that fall short of an autism diagnosis, but still warrant early intervention... 

Research confirms what parents have been saying about wandering and bolting by children with autism: It’s common, it’s scary, and it doesn’t result from careless parenting... 

Prenatal folic acid, taken in the weeks before and after a woman becomes pregnant, may reduce the risk of autism... 

One of the best ways to promote social skills in grade-schoolers with autism is to teach their classmates how to befriend a person with developmental disabilities... 

Researchers can detect presymptom markers of autism as early as 6 months – a discovery that may lead to earlier intervention to improve outcomes... 

The first medicines for treating autism’s core symptoms are showing promise in early clinical trials... 

Investors and product developers will enthusiastically respond to a call to develop products and services to address the unmet needs of the autism community...  
Autism now affects 1 in 68 children and 1 in 42 boys...

Autism prevalence figures are growing...

Autism is one of the fastest-growing developmental disorders in the U.S....

Autism costs a family $60,000 a year on average...

Boys are nearly five times more likely than girls to have autism...

There is no medical detection or cure for autism...

Autism is the fastest growing developmental disorder, yet most underfunded...

A 2008 Danish Study found that the mortality risk among those with autism was nearly twice that of the general population...

Children with autism do progress – early intervention is key...

Autism is treatable, not a hopeless condition...
